INTDB-301-DOC: Move Federated Docs to separate branch (#747)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/guides/1.4.0-upgrade-guide.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas Provider 1.4.0: Upgrade and Information Guide"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-guides-140-upgrade-guide"
description: |-
MongoDB Atlas Provider 1.4.0: Upgrade and Information Guide
---

# MongoDB Atlas Provider 1.4.0: Upgrade and Information Guide

The Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider version 1.4.0 has a number of new and exciting features and changes.

> New Features:
> 
> * Now supports Federated Settings, for [`mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_identity_provider`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_identity_provider)  [`mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_role_mapping`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_role_mapping) and [`mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_config`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/mmongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_config)
> 
> 
> Changes:
> 

Reviewer: Wrote up the entire list - please add:
```suggestion
New Features:

* You can now manage your federated authentication and authorization with  [`mongodbatlas_federated_settings_identity_provider`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/federated_settings_identity_provider),   [`mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_role_mapping`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/federated_settings_org_role_mapping), and [`mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_config`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/federated_settings_org_config)
* You can now manage regionalized private endpoint status with [`mongodbatlas_private_endpoint_regional_mode`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint_regional_mode)

Changes:

* You can now manage Prometheus with [mongodbatlas_third_party_integration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/third_party_integration)
* You can now manage Microsoft Teams with [mongodbatlas_third_party_integration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/third_party_integration)
* You can now use the argument `unordered` with [`mongodbatlas_event_trigger`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/event_trigger)
* You can now manage project settings with [`mongodbatlas_project`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/project)
* You can now enable cloud backup to automatiacially export backups to an AWS bucket with [`mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule `](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cloud_backup_schedule)
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks a bunch, added
